

I feel bad about going back and forth repeatedly.
2 different issues were raised:

1: references to Android and other platforms.
This app has been and remains available as a web app at: https://nerdster.org. It works better as a native app.
My initial attempt at a native iPhone app left in place references to Android and other devices, and that was my mistake. 
I believe that I've remedied that. Please do let me know if I missed something.

2: The app can't be meaningfully used without signing in using a different identity such as the ONE-OF-US.NET identity app.
Both of those apps (the Nerdster and the ONE-OF-US.NET identity app) promote a new and different paradigm that 
allows people use a decentralized identity network in any service without granting that service access to the keys
they use to build their identity network.
This is much different from, say, 
- TikTok where you can just download the app and see content.
- Websites that have no idea who you are yet display content "Just for you".
The Nerdster is meant to show you only content that you trust from your point of view. 
It can't do this without knowning who you are.
Services like the Nerdster cannot have your private identity key and cannot build the identity network - that's the whole point: 
People build segments of the identity network using an identity app that does have their private identity key, 
and they identify themselves to the Nerdster by giving it:
- their identity public key
- (optionally) a designated/disposable public/private "delegate" key pair that they've signed off on using their identity app 
to state that this delegate key on the Nerdster represents them authentically.

An earlier review wanted the Nerdster to show content without signing in using a different app, and so
I added the "bootstrap" feature for this. This allows a user to start off using my (Yes, me, Yotam Aviv) 
network until they use an identity app to place themselves in their own network. 
I don't like this feature. I added it only to satisfy your review process. But if you don't like it either, 
the I should back it out.

I'm not sure if you don't like the entire concept of the Nerdster or just that the sign in dialog allows
dimissal by clicking outside of it.
I believe that everything in the app currently works as intended.

You can be signed in:
- with your public identity key and a delegate key pair for the Nerdster's use, in which case you'll see a blue key in the top left.
- with your public identity only, in which case you'll see a gree key in the top left.
- with this new "bootstrap" feature, where you're leveraging my (Yotam Aviv) network instead of your own in which case you'll see the orange key.
  You can start off with this bootstrap feature and then "graduate" to using your own identity key and retain the Nerdster delegate key you started with.
  As this boostrap feature allows you to operate without your own network, your content is invisible to everyone but you.

Regarding dismissing the sign in dialog:
- If you aren't signed in then you can't dismiss it.
- If you are signed in then you can dismiss it either using the dismiss button or by clicking outside of it.

