Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 63d8e334-654c-4122-a5a9-2f7eb0d7d778
Review date: March 17, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.1.7

Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We need more information to continue the review.

Next Steps

Provide detailed answers to the following questions:

1. What is the purpose of your app?
2. What are the primary features of your app?
3. How does your app benefit the general public audience?
4. Explain what is ONE-OF-US.NET paradigm?

------------------------------------------------------------

1. What is the purpose of your app?

The Nerdster is a demo and reference implementation of the ONE-OF-US.NET paradigm (described in Q4).
It is a content rating and discovery app that leverages your decentralized identity from your
own (or others') Point of View.

It is also available as a web app at https://nerdster.org.
The docs available at https://one-of-us.net/ include a video that uses both the Nerdster and the
ONE-OF-US.NET app.

2. What are the primary features of your app?

- Rate, submit, and comment on content (movies, articles, links, etc.).
- Follow people for different contexts (eg. family, social) within your identity network.
- View content aggregated from your point of view: only content your network trusts surfaces to you.
- Sign in via the ONE-OF-US.NET identity app, which delegates a service-specific key to the
  Nerdster without ever sharing your identity key with it (see Q4).

Everything you do on the nerdster publishes a statement cryptographically signed by your
delegate key, and so other services should be able to know who you follow and what you said
if you also sign in to their service using your public identity key.

The sign-in mechanic depends on how the user is accessing the Nerdster:

Method A — Different device (e.g., signing in on a desktop or iPad while the ONE-OF-US.NET app
is on a phone):
1. The Nerdster displays a sign-in QR code on screen.
2. The user scans it with their ONE-OF-US.NET app.
3. The app generates a delegate key pair for nerdster.org, signs a statement linking it to the
   user's identity key, and publishes it. It then sends the delegate key pair and the user's
   public identity key to the Nerdster via an HTTP POST.
4. The Nerdster now has a delegate key it can use on the user's behalf. The user's identity key
   is never shared with or known to the Nerdster.

Method B — Same device (e.g., visiting nerdster.org on the same iPhone that has the
ONE-OF-US.NET app):
1. The Nerdster sign-in screen displays a magic link.
2. Tapping it opens the ONE-OF-US.NET app directly, which completes the same delegation flow
   described above and returns the user to the Nerdster.

3. How does your app benefit the general public audience?

Our network — the people we actually trust — already exists. ONE-OF-US.NET writes it down
cryptographically, making it portable and useful across services, rather than owned and locked
inside any single platform.

The Nerdster lets you leverage that network to filter content: you see what people you trust rate
highly, not what an algorithm thinks will keep you engaged. This gives users direct, transparent
control over what they see and whose judgment they rely on, without granting any platform access to
their identity or trust graph.

As stated on one-of-us.net: "You don't have an account with Nerdster.org. If anything, it has an
account with you."

4. What is the ONE-OF-US.NET paradigm?

ONE-OF-US.NET is a decentralized identity paradigm. The phone app is your identity wallet: it
holds your cryptographic key pair and lets you sign and publish statements — specifically, vouch
for other people ("This key represents a person who is human, capable, and acting in good faith")
or link your identity to a service ("this delegate key represents me on nerdster.org").

These signed statements are published to the cloud and can be read and verified by anyone. No
central authority owns or controls them.

The paradigm is explicitly heterogeneous and non-proprietary: any service can participate, and no
single domain acts as a gatekeeper.

---

Regarding the sign-in requirement:

An earlier review flagged that the app requires a separate identity app to sign in. I subsequently
added a "bootstrap" mode to address this. On reflection, I would like to remove the bootstrap
mode — it undermines the paradigm and is not something I stand behind — and instead rely on the
hidden copy/paste option (7 clicks on the text "Sign in using:") for reviewers and developers who do not
have the ONE-OF-US.NET app. 

You can sign in that way by copying pasting this text into the sign in area:

{
    "nerdster.org": {
        "crv": "Ed25519",
        "d": "aqQQ8Uemm29IuP52iofBexLZvLH4C5KKXDpXps7_45M",
        "kty": "OKP",
        "x": "20c1w0tGrdwZgpVOA9S9AfCs9MQBBRVuOiNxYg7vO4A"
    },
    "identity": {
        "crv": "Ed25519",
        "kty": "OKP",
        "x": "HK8iy7bH8ccq8zXxaKCeZxoZad7_4Y-7UIJn7UfJNvE"
    }
}

This will result in you being signed in as someone who's vouched for a demo/test identity 
Lisa Simpson. You can then use the app normally, rate content, follow other people, etc.

If that is acceptable to you, I will ship a version with bootstrap
mode removed. Please let me know.

------------------------------------------------------------

